feat(popover): add popover component (#295)
Kajabi/sage: libs/core/src/components/pds-popover/docs/pds-popover.mdx

import { DocArgsTable, DocCanvas } from '@pine-ds/doc-components';
import { components } from '../../../../dist/docs.json';

# Popover

> Popovers display contextual information when users hover over or keyboard focus on an element. They typically contain more information than tooltips and can include interactive elements.

Reviewer: Should we remove mention of hover, since ours seems to be triggered on click?

## Guidelines
### Usage
- Use popovers for complex information that might overwhelm the main content.
- Consider using a tooltip for simpler explanations or brief labels.

#### When not to use
- Don't use popovers for critical information that must be readily available.

## Properties

<DocArgsTable componentName="pds-popover" docSource={components} />

> ## Variants

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need this title as there is only one.

### Default
The popover's appearance and behavior are primarily controlled by two slots:

> 1. **`trigger`:** This slot is used to define the element that triggers the popover. It can be any HTML element, such as a button or link.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. **`trigger`:** This slot specifies the interactive element that activates the popover. It can be any HTML element, such as a button, link, or icon, that users interact with to reveal the popover. Ensure the trigger clearly indicates its purpose and is accessible to all users.
```

Recommended a change to avoid using the word in the definition :)

> 2. **`content`:** This slot is used to define the content of the popover. It can contain any HTML elements, including text, images, forms, or other components.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. **`content`:** This slot specifies the content displayed within the popover when triggered. It can include a variety of HTML elements, such as descriptive text, images, forms, or other interactive components.
```

        <p>This is a Popover</p>
    </div>
  </pds-popover>
</DocCanvas>

### Positioning
Using the placement prop, you can control where the popover appears relative to the trigger.

### Arrow
The popover includes an arrow by default, but you can hide it with the `has-arrow` prop.

<DocCanvas client:only
  mdxSource={{
    react: `
      <PdsPopover placement="bottom-start" hasArrow="false">
        <div slot="trigger">
          <PdsButton variant="secondary">Popover</PdsButton>
        </div>
        <div slot="content">
          <p>This is a Popover</p>
        </div>
      </PdsPopover>
    `,
    webComponent: `
      <pds-popover placement="bottom-start" has-arrow="false">
        <div slot="trigger">
          <pds-button variant="secondary">Popover</pds-button>
        </div>
        <div slot="content">
          <p>This is a Popover</p>
        </div>
      </pds-popover>
    `
}}>
  <pds-popover placement="bottom-start" has-arrow="false">
    <div slot="trigger">
        <pds-button variant="secondary">Popover</pds-button>
    </div>
    <div slot="content">
        <p>This is a Popover</p>
    </div>
  </pds-popover>
</DocCanvas>

## Additional Resources

> - Consider linking to relevant accessibility resources or providing best practices for popover usage.

Reviewer: Should be updated or removed.

> - [W3 Aria Menu Button Pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/menu-button/examples/menu-button-links/)

Reviewer 3: Could we review this link and provide a little bit of context as to why this is relevant to the popover? Thanks!

import { DocArgsTable, DocCanvas } from '@pine-ds/doc-components';
import { components } from '../../../../dist/docs.json';

# Popover

> Popovers display contextual information when users click or fires a keyboard event on an element. They typically contain more information than tooltips and can include interactive elements.

Reviewer 4: Could we try "...when a user clicks or fires a keyboard event..." or something similar?

## Guidelines

> ### Usage

Reviewer 4: Can we add the "when to use" title here?
